I want you to generate the initial implementation of a full-stack web application for an online coding interview platform. Please produce both the frontend and backend code, including file structure, code snippets, and setup instructions.

The application must support the following features:

1. Create a unique session link that I can share with a candidate.
2. When multiple users open the same link, they should all see and edit the same code in real time.
3. Real-time updates must be synchronized across all connected users.
4. The code editor must support syntax highlighting for at least JavaScript and Python.
5. The application must execute code safely in the browser (not on the server).
   - JavaScript should run in a sandboxed iframe or Web Worker.
   - Python should run using WebAssembly (e.g., Pyodide).
6. Use these technologies:
   - Frontend: React + Vite
   - Backend: Node.js + Express
   - Real-time communication: Socket.IO
   - Code editor: Monaco Editor or CodeMirror
7. The backend should store sessions in memory (no database needed).
8. Provide instructions for running the frontend and backend.

Please generate:
- The full folder structure
- All key source files (frontend + backend)
- Example code for each file
- Instructions for installing dependencies and running the app

This is the initial implementation only. Do not include tests, Docker, or deployment yet.

answer 2 -npm test --prefix backend
answer 3 -"dev": "concurrently \"npm run dev:backend\" \"npm run dev:frontend\""
anser 4 I used the built‑in Monaco Editor, which provides syntax highlighting for multiple languages including JavaScript and Python.
answer 5 I ran Pyodide inside a Web Worker (pyodide-worker.js) so Python executes securely in the browser without blocking the UI.
answer 6 The base image used for the Dockerfile is node:22-alpine
The 7 homework questions you must be able to answer
Let me rephrase them in a practical way:

Initial Implementation

You must ask an AI (like me) in one prompt to implement both frontend and backend.

You then copy that prompt into the homework form as your answer to Question 1.

So we will need to carefully craft that single “initial implementation” prompt together.

Integration Tests

Ask AI to write integration tests checking client–server interaction.

Also ask it to start a README.md with commands for running and testing.

You answer: What is the exact command you run in the terminal to execute the tests?

Running Both Client and Server

Use concurrently (npm package) so that one command runs frontend + backend.

You answer: What is your npm run dev (or similar) command in package.json for running both?

Syntax Highlighting

Add syntax highlighting for JavaScript and Python.

You answer: Which library did AI use for syntax highlighting? (e.g. Monaco, CodeMirror, Prism, etc.)

Code Execution (WASM)

Add code execution, but do not execute on the server.

Use WASM in the browser, and specifically compile/run Python with WASM.

You answer: Which library did AI use to run Python via WASM? (likely Pyodide)

Containerization

Create a Dockerfile that includes both frontend and backend in one container.

You answer: What base image is used in the Dockerfile? (e.g. node:20-alpine)

Deployment

Deploy the app to some service (e.g. Render, Fly.io, Railway, Vercel, etc.).

You answer: Which service you used